feat(v2): add filename in CodeBlock (#2346)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/markdown-features.mdx

export default MyComponent;
```

> ### Code Title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Code title

```

> You can add title to code block by addding `title` key after the language meta string (leave a space after the language).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add title to code block by adding `title` key after the language (leave a space between them).
```
